Welcome back!
Previously, we discussed security
frameworks, controls, and design
principles, and how security professionals
apply these to security audits.
In this section, we'll continue
to explore security tools and
how they can help you keep organizations
and the people they serve safe.
Security professionals often use
a variety of tools to address
specific security challenges,
such as collecting security data,
detecting and analyzing threats, or
automating tasks.
Security tools help organizations achieve
a more comprehensive security posture.
We'll begin by covering
different types of logs,
what they track, and how they're used.
Then we'll explore security
information and event management,
otherwise known as SIEM, dashboards.
Finally, we'll discuss some common SIEM
tools used in the security industry.
Let's get started!